Update the todo document based on below 

1. Confirm VPN (WireGuard) is NOT required --> i can confirm. maybe for testing we might need it but we will not use it in real deploement

2. Infrastructure -- MCS Side (Inference & Post-training Layer)
hosting env --> we use hetzner in our company so most likely this 
a public domain  --> we have own company domain so we can re-use this too
Deployment of inference server, postgres, mlflow, prometeheus, ml-dashbaord and sever health-dashbaord will be done through my colleague Mohamme, but i want to prepare docker or something after testing locally again so that he can just deploy it easiyl
we will not use kubernetes on our end if technologically that is still compaitble 

3. Code Changes -- Inference Server (MCS)
remove fall_history table from MCS Postgres --> implement this for me 
to test the whole pipleine, update the mock mobile app script that is running in our namespace so that it injects the timestamps (if the new field name is required, create whatever you think matching ) and the fall dashabord can fetch the results.



4. Code Changes -- Caregiver Dashboard (FOCUS side)
their dashbaord is built in flutter. based on the features implemented in fall_dashboard (which is python), we need to provide them instrcution documents, what compoent and features are required, how and from where they should get the fall_history




Open Questions

3. What InfluxDB fields/measurement names will FOCUS use for fall timestamps? Needed to align caregiver dashboard query --> we can decide this. 
4.	Does the caregiver dashboard need help_requested and fall_confirmed fields in InfluxDB, or is the timestamp enough? --> yes, we need those fields in influxDB
5.	Who updates the caregiver webapp server (fetch from InfluxDB) -- MCS or FOCUS DevOps? --> We will push this to FOCUS , so we need to prepare some instruction documents later

 Prepare Docker Compose deployment package (NOT Kubernetes -- MCS will not use K8s on their side)




checking fall_dashbaord 
- when it shows the detected fall (when marking patient ID with affected patient in red), does it do via MQTT or the animation happens based on the rsult of data fetching from influx?
- change I want: currently caregiver dose not get instant potential alert message, but only when the fall is confirmed. I was requested that they want to see a messages "possible fall, wait for confirmation" for the affected patient (without populating the dashboard display too much or clamemd)

- where does "active" on the card of patient in fall_dashbaord come from? how is the logic of lablling active or not? 


 in the next steps, I need to wrap the caregiver layer into k3s kubernetes as the exsiting systen of FOCUS is running K3s (we can consider dockerize and let the exisitng system expose to the newly added docker services = fall_dashabord too).
 If we wrap them in k3s,  MQTT broker will be also warpped too (should I wrap it too or better not?) if it is wrapped, how can the mobile app publish the event? if it is not wrapped, how can the fall_dashboard reach the broker which is outside the k3s cluster?

what do need to wrap the caregiver layer in k3s? 
before we used k8s, but this time it needs to be k3s. what is the difference?

 ------ above is implemented already ---- below is not yet ---------
i have questions regarding how communciatoin from/to/between k3s cluster is working 

there are these communcation types 
1. from mobile app to a service/pod inside k3s clsuter via HTTPs
2. from a service/pod inside k3s clsuter A to a service/pod inside k3s clsuter B via HTTPs
3. from a service/pod inside k3s clsuter to a mobile app via HTTPs
4. from a service on MCS hetzner to a service/pod inside k3s clsuter  
5. from a service/pod inside k3s clsuter to a service on MCS hetzner
6. from mobile app to a service/pod inside k3s clsuter via MQTTs
7. from a service/pod inside k3s clsuter to a service/pod inside k3s clsuter via MQTT
8. from a service/pod inside k3s clsuter to a mobile app via MQTTs
9. from a mobile app to a service on MCS hetzner 
10. from a service inside the same k3s cluster

However, type 3, 4, 5, 7, and 8 do not have any use case in our system. 


examples of types are: 
1. Isa's mobile app writing fall timestamps into influxDB inside FOCUS's exsiting k3s cluster
2. fall_dashboard inside the new k3s cluster fetching data from influxDB inside FOCUS's exsiting k3s cluster
3. none
4. none
5. none
6. Isa's mobile app publishing fall event to fall_dashboard inside the new k3s cluster
7. none
8. none
9. Isa's mobile app sending post reuqest to inference server running MCS's Hetzner server
10. MQTT clinet inside the new k3s cluster sending fall event to fall_dashboard inside the new k3s cluster

is this correct?

add the communication types table in __Refactoring_docs\k3s_flow_diagram.md